pytest for atf ; netlink support (#561)
freebsd/freebsd-quarterly: 2022q4/pytest-for-atf.adoc

=== Pytest support for the FreeBSD testing framework

Links: +
link:https://reviews.freebsd.org/D31084[Initial review] URL: link:https://reviews.freebsd.org/D31084[https://reviews.freebsd.org/D31084] +
link:https://cgit.freebsd.org/src/tree/tests/examples/test_examples.py[Test examples] URL: link:https://cgit.freebsd.org/src/tree/tests/examples/test_examples.py[https://cgit.freebsd.org/src/tree/tests/examples/test_examples.py]

Contact: Alexander Chernikov <melifaro@FreeBSD.org>

> Native pytest support for atf(7) enhances the capabilities of the FreeBSD testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native pytest support for atf(7) enhances the capabilities of the FreeBSD test suite.
```

Mostly a matter of taste.

Pytest simplifies test writing by reducing the amount of boiler-plate code.
It offers several advantages over the existing atf-c and atf-shell bindings.
One of the most important ones is the test parametrization, which allows improving coverage with writing nearly no code. The other is a rich assert system, offering detailed errors description.
Python atf(7) support comes with a number of libraries that abstracts a number of commonly-used tasks. For example, running a test within a VNET jail with epair(4) requires adding a single line of code. Such helpers are especially handy in the networking area, where tests with complex VNET setups are not uncommon.

==== Current status

> Python support have been commited to HEAD. Currently, ~80 tests use the python framework and the number is rising. Example tests have beed commited to show the handling of the typical cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python support has been committed to HEAD. Currently, ~80 tests use the python framework and the number is rising. Example tests have been committed to show the handling of the typical cases.
```
